more polish, move things around (#246)
onflow/docs: docs/concepts/fees.md

**Using FCL JS SDK**

You need to set the `limit` parameter for the `mutate` function, for example:

```js
import * as fcl from "@onflow/fcl"

const transactionId = await fcl.mutate({
  cadence: `
    transaction {
      execute {
        log("Hello from execute")
      }
    }
  `,
  proposer: fcl.currentUser,
  payer: fcl.currentUser,
  limit: 100
})

const transaction = await fcl.tx(transactionId).onceSealed();
console.log(transaction;)
```

**Using FCL Go SDK**

You need to call the `SetComputeLimit` method to set the fee limit, for example:

```go
import (
    "github.com/onflow/flow-go-sdk"
    "github.com/onflow/flow-go-sdk/crypto"
)

var (
    myAddress    flow.Address
    myAccountKey flow.AccountKey
    myPrivateKey crypto.PrivateKey
)

tx := flow.NewTransaction().
    SetScript([]byte("transaction { execute { log(\"Hello, World!\") } }")).
    SetComputeLimit(100).
    SetProposalKey(myAddress, myAccountKey.Index, myAccountKey.SequenceNumber).
    SetPayer(myAddress)
```

### Maximum transaction fees of a transaction

> The maximum possible fees the payer could pay for a transaction can be calculated as the inclusion cost plus the execution cost as if the transaction was executed with execution effort equal to the transactions specified execution effort limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum possible fee imposed on the payer for a transaction can be calculated as the **inclusion cost plus the execution cost**. The execution cost is the fee calculated for running the transaction based on the [execution effort limit maximum specified](#configuring-execution-limits). 
```

**What execution costs are considered above average?**

There is no average for execution costs. Every function will vary significantly based on the logic implemented. You should review the optimization best practices to determine if you could reduce your costs.

**Do hardware wallets like Ledger support segmented fees?**

Yes.

**What is the lowest execution cost?**

The lowest execution cost is 1. This means your transaction included one function call or loop that didn't read or write any date.

**Can I determine how much a transaction will cost on mainnet without actually paying?**

You can estimate the costs in a two-way process: 1) determine execution costs for transactions (emulator or testnet) and 2) use an FCL SDK method to calculate the final transaction fees.

**How accurate will testnet fees be to mainnet fees?**

Final fees are determined by the surge factor on the network. The surge factor for the testnet will be different from the factor for the mainnet, so you need to expect a variation between mainnet and testnet estimates.

**I use Blocto and I haven't paid any fees yet. Why is that?**

> That is because Blocto is acting as the payer for transactions. self-custody wallets may have the user pay the transaction. Additionally, apps can sponsor the transaction if they choose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is because Blocto is acting as the payer for transactions. Self-custody wallets may have the user pay the transaction. Additionally, apps can sponsor the transaction if they choose.
```
